Remove enterprise from Workers for Platforms (#15070)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/get-started/configuration.md

### Enable Workers for Platforms

To enable Workers for Platforms, you will need to purchase the [Workers for Platforms Paid plan](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/platform/pricing/).

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/workers-for-platforms), and select your account.

> 2. Complete the payment process for the Workers for Platforms Paid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Complete the payment process for the Workers for Platforms Paid plan.
```

> If you're an Enterprise customer, contact your Cloudflare account team to enable Workers for Platforms. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are an Enterprise customer, contact your Cloudflare account team to enable Workers for Platforms. 
```
